# Node.js Website Team Meeting 2025-07-04

## Present

- Aviv Keller @avivkeller
- Claudio Wunder @ovflowd
- Augustin Mauroy @AugustinMauroy
- flakey5 @flakey5
- Brian Muenzenmeyer @bmuenzenmeyer
- Dario Piotrowicz @dario-piotrowicz
- Caner Akdas @canerakdas
- Matt Cowley @MattIPv4

## Agenda

### nodejs/nodejs.org

- https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs.org/pull/7978
  - Brian: This PR changes how we handle content review.
  - Claudio: Historically, the website team didn't need to weigh in (since there was no real content). But that's changed with the Learn initiative. We need to, at the end of the day, protect ourselves. We shouldn't take ownership for content that we aren't experts on.
  - Aviv: In the previous setup, we had partial authority when no one was explicitly designated. But what if someone *is* authorized but becomes unresponsive?
  - Claudio: In open source, there isn't a formal concept of "authority" over content. Anyone can block a PR without introducing excessive process or bureaucracy.
  - Brian: Was this triggered by a specific incident?
  - Claudio: Yes and no. There *was* an incident, but it was a misunderstanding and fairly isolated.
  - Aviv: If the system isn't broken, maybe it doesn’t need to be fixed.
    - Brian: +1
    - Claudio: +1
  - Matt:  The old wording in the guidelines was intentionally vague. Clarity is also important.
  - Aviv: Let's continue this discussion in the PR itself. Feel free to refer to the minutes for a refresher on this conversation.

- https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs.org/pull/8040
  - Claudio: What if we need to add owners to many files at once?
  - Aviv: How often does that scenario realistically occur?
  - Claudio: Fairly often, for example, when people need to change pings or ownership, it becomes messy. A good system needs to be maintainable over time.
    - Matt: +1 in favor of introducing a `CODEOWNERS` file.
  - Aviv: Should we scrap the entire idea of mapping articles to Core APIs?
  - Claudio: No, we should just separate it from the review process. There are many ways to map files to relevant core APIs.
  - Augustin: A simple mapping won’t work for the Learn content. It's too complex.
  - Claudio: Core collaborators and TSC members are strong in technical domains but transforming technical documentation into Learn articles introduces another layer of complexity, perhaps AI will help?
  - **Discussion cut short, as we ran out of time**
