# Node.js Web Team Meeting 2025-10-27

## Links

- **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/web-team/issues/56

## Present

- Aviv Keller @avivkeller
- Brian Muenzenmeyer @bmuenzenmeyer
- Matt Cowley @mattipv4
- Augustin Mauroy @AugustinMauroy
- Claudio Wunder @ovflowd

## Agenda

Extracted from **web-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/nodejs.org

* Card Sort Session Results [#8234](https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs.org/issues/8234)
    * Aviv, explained what happened at the Card Sort
    * Brian, we need to analyze the data and look for patterns. Take that, and propose new article layouts
    * Brian, let's go over the general concerns
        * The navigation is too linear, however, there are many cases where this harms the reader (i.e. when a document contains a sub-document, like "Flame Graphs")
            * Aviv, explain the difficulty of getting to certain articles
            * Matt, being linear shows users a general order, but we _should_ have sub-articles
            * Aviv, the downside of linear articles is that things fall under multiple categories
            * Brian, the learn articles look like a pathway, which they aren't really, since you don't *need* the articles to use Node.js
            * Aviv, our CSS styles promote that idea that it's a pathway
            * Matt, our articles are written in order (ie TypeScript)
            * Aviv, No group echo-ed our current Getting Started
            * Brian, a "learn hub" would be really nice
            * Matt, "Parent Articles" groups would be nice for grouping
            * Brian, lets cut an issue for this concern 
        *  The order of categories prioritizes categories that might not be as helpful to the reader (i.e. Test Runner should be greater than Diagnostics)
            * Matt, things are teach "new" users information are more important than advanced deep-dives
            * Aviv, a good first issue is to move content around
        * Many articles have their own "Intro" page, maybe a general "Intro" section would be nice?
            * Brian, routing page
        * A lot of articles are out-of-date, which leads to incorrect content
            * Aviv, a lot of articles are *old*, and are very out of date
            * Brian, this is not meant to be a MDN resource
            * Matt, a quick fix is to put the file change date in the frontmatter
            * Brian, a semi-annual review exists. We (the Website Team) shouldn't be the reviewers, but rather delegate to working groups
            * Aviv, maybe at the next summit we make the collaborators do some of this
        * There is a lot of content, and it's doubtful that many users have read the entire thing.
            * Aviv, some articles are **long**
            * Matt, the content is _very_ useful, but it can be split up.
            * Aviv, the article doesn't even mention `npm publish`. It should be its own section
            * Matt, the "TypeScript publishing" article can reference this (as a section)
            * Matt, we should be a bit more opinioniated about ESM/CJS. Recommended paths and what-not.
        * It would be nice to add an entire "HTTP" section, with fetch(), node:http, and the various other ways to make network requests
            * New article -> New issue
  

* Add lint rule ensuring that a publishing date is valid [#7845](https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs.org/issues/7845)
    * Aviv, https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs.org/pull/7838 was meant for the future, and we published it, not knowing it wasn't supposed to be published
    * Brian, should the date be content-only, or should we hide posts until a given date?
    * Claudio, it's fine to keep as is
    * Matt, a lint rule is a solution to a problem that shouldn't be a problem
    * Aviv, it's going to cause a problem for everyone with a valid blog post
    * Claudio, the _max_ we should do is a CI/CD comment
    * Matt, the PR had _zero_ indication of a future date, and should have
    * Brian, this is an edge case, since the content was semi-embargoed.
    * Matt, the author is responsible for their own date and publishing information, unless it's a repeat problem.

### nodejs/web-team

* Meeting with Microsoft Advisor [#53](https://github.com/nodejs/web-team/issues/53)
    * Skipped, as the advisor could not join
    * Aviv, I'll reach out privately and resolve the issue
* Create Means for Private Communications [#14](https://github.com/nodejs/web-team/issues/14)
    * Matt, leaning toward Slack channel over repository. Do even need this?
    * Brian, we really don't need this that often, and the topic specific channels work fine.
    * Matt, other teams do it, but they have a lot more need than we do.

## Q&A, Other

* Azure Credits
    * Matt, we should see what nodejs/build needs
    * Claudio, we have _another_ Azure account with legacy credits, and should migrate over here. Ours are just sitting there.

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Project Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `Add to Google Calendar` at the bottom left to add to your own Google calendar.
